Gotham Colorscheme for Gnome Terminal
========================================

Scripts for setting the [Gotham
colorscheme](https://github.com/whatyouhide/vim-gotham) with Gnome Terminal. 

Colors
------

The Gotham colorscheme has been created by 
[Andrea Leopardi](https://github.com/whatyouhide).

Installation and usage
----------------------

To be able to uninstall, we highly recommend that you create a new Gnome
Terminal profile, using the menus in Gnome Terminal.

You need the `dconf` command (if you run a recent Gnome version). With Ubuntu,
this can be installed by running

    $ sudo apt-get install dconf-cli

Then you can run the installation script:

    $ ./install.sh

And just follow the instructions.

You can also run the `set_gotham.sh` script to directly set the gotham theme to
the actived gnome-terminal profile.

Uninstall
---------

Change to another profile in Gnome Terminal, then remove the Gotham profile
by running:

### Gnome 3.6 or lower

    $ rm -r ~/.gconf/apps/gnome-terminal/profiles/Gotham/

### Gnome 3.8 or higher

Be sure to have the dconf-cli package installed and do:

    $ dconf reset -f /org/gnome/terminal/legacy/profiles:/PROFILE_ID"

Replace PROFILE_ID by your profile ID (you can get it in your profile
configuration in gnome-terminal).

Themes
------

Each theme has is own folder in the `colors` dir. It contains 5 files:

  * bd_color: bold color
  * bg_color: background color
  * fg_color: foreground color
  * palette_dconf: palette for dconf (for gnome-terminal 3.8 or higher). Each
    color is surrounded of simple quotes, and colors are comma separated.
  * palette_gconf: palette for gconf (for gnome-terminal 3.6 or lower). Colors
    are separated by colons.

No additional configuration is needed to add a theme, the installation script
just list at launch the children folders in the `colors` dir.

FAQ
===

Conflicting background colors in VIM
------------------------------------

Use the 16 colors terminal option to get VIM to look like GVIM with solarized
colors.

    set t_Co=16

Credits
---

The code to change gnome terminal colorschemes is taken from the [Gnome
Terminal Colors Solarized repository](
https://github.com/sigurdga/gnome-terminal-colors-solarized). Many thanks to
the contributors!

Gnome Terminal Colors Solarized Contributors
------------

* Sigurd Gartmann <sigurdga@sigurdga.no>
* Anthony Ruhier <anthony.ruhier@gmail.com>
* Paul Thomson <captbunzo@gmail.com>
* Techlive Zheng <techlivezheng@gmail.com>
* Daniel Graña <dangra@gmail.com>

